doc: add known issue for modem lib v2.6.0 (#14491)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_modem`.

.. rst-class:: v2-6-0

> TNSW-59157: The :c:func:`nrf_recv` and :c:func:`nrf_recvfrom` functions erroneously set errno to :c:macro:`NRF_EAGAIN` instead of ``0`` when these three conditions are met:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TNSW-59157: The :c:func:`nrf_recv` and :c:func:`nrf_recvfrom` functions erroneously return ``-1`` and sets ``errno`` to :c:macro:`NRF_EAGAIN` instead of returning ``0`` when these three conditions are met:
```
